Sync 04-uplevelling-community-members from Atlas (#227)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: trusted-committer/04-uplevelling-community-members.asciidoc

As a Trusted Committer, you are responsible for moving individuals along this continuum
and upleveling their ability to make contributions. In this sense, Trusted Committers
act as force multipliers in their community.

It is important for Trusted Committers to market their
product and communities to increase the number of
newcomers and consumers. They should also communicate opportunities to
make contributions to consumers and try to elicit and align the
interests of potential https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_] with that of the community. What
often works well is if https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_] are able to work on something that
benefits their department or role in the company. Development tools and automation are good examples.

Finally, it is the Trusted Committer's responsibility to identify and support https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_] with the potential to grow 

> by encouraging them to tackle challenging tasks and helping them complete them. This is, in our opinion, a Trusted Committer's

Reviewer: `help them` vs. `mentor or coach them while they are performing them`.
I like the focus on mentoring and coaching them here.

I added a commit suggestion of an alternative phrasing.
```suggestion
by encouraging them to tackle challenging tasks and mentor them towards completion. This is, in our opinion, a Trusted Committer's
```

reasons people join and stick around in an InnerSource community.
Upleveling their https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_] is one of the most powerful tools Trusted Committers have
at their disposal to increase the speed, output and longevity of their
communities. It is also one of the key arguments with which to convince
management to allow their employees to participate in an InnerSource
community, as that will make their employees more valuable to 
the company overall and help them retain top talent.

In summary, Trusted Committers need to attract new https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_] and level up their
ability to make contributions. This activity ultimately levels up the
community’s ability to create better software faster. They do so by
communicating opportunities to make contributions and by helping and

> mentoring contributors.

Reviewer: Rest of the text *Contributors* was used a proper name and capitalized. Doing that here too.
I also liked the mentioning of professional growth in the original text so adding that to the commit suggestion too.

```suggestion
mentoring Contributors enabling them to grow.
```
